2: is palindromic
a: is palindromic
AA: is palindromic
AAA: is palindromic
AAAA: is palindromic
AAAAAA: is palindromic
ABA: is palindromic
acca: is palindromic
ADA: is palindromic
addda: is palindromic
AEA: is palindromic
AFA: is palindromic
affa: is palindromic
aga: is palindromic
AHA: is palindromic
AIA: is palindromic
AJA: is palindromic
AKA: is palindromic
ALA: is palindromic
alula: is palindromic
AMA: is palindromic
ana: is palindromic
AOA: is palindromic
APA: is palindromic
ARA: is palindromic
ASA: is palindromic
ATA: is palindromic
AUA: is palindromic
awa: is palindromic
B: is palindromic
B/B: is palindromic
BB: is palindromic
BBB: is palindromic
boob: is palindromic
C: is palindromic
CAC: is palindromic
CAMAC: is palindromic
CBC: is palindromic
CC: is palindromic
CCC: is palindromic
CDC: is palindromic
CEC: is palindromic
CFC: is palindromic
CIC: is palindromic
cyc: is palindromic
civic: is palindromic
CMC: is palindromic
CNC: is palindromic
COC: is palindromic
CPC: is palindromic
CRC: is palindromic
CSC: is palindromic
CTC: is palindromic
CTTC: is palindromic
CWC: is palindromic
D: is palindromic
DAD: is palindromic
DCD: is palindromic
DD: is palindromic
DDD: is palindromic
deed: is palindromic
deedeed: is palindromic
degged: is palindromic
deified: is palindromic
deked: is palindromic
deled: is palindromic
denned: is palindromic
dewed: is palindromic
DFD: is palindromic
DID: is palindromic
divid: is palindromic
DMD: is palindromic
DOD: is palindromic
DRD: is palindromic
DSD: is palindromic
dtd: is palindromic
E: is palindromic
ecce: is palindromic
ECE: is palindromic
ee: is palindromic
EEE: is palindromic
eye: is palindromic
eke: is palindromic
ELLE: is palindromic
eme: is palindromic
ene: is palindromic
EOE: is palindromic
ERE: is palindromic
ese: is palindromic
esse: is palindromic
ette: is palindromic
F: is palindromic
FF: is palindromic
FSF: is palindromic
G: is palindromic
GBG: is palindromic
GG: is palindromic
gig: is palindromic
goog: is palindromic
H: is palindromic
hagigah: is palindromic
hah: is palindromic
halalah: is palindromic
hallah: is palindromic
heh: is palindromic
HH: is palindromic
HIH: is palindromic
HRH: is palindromic
HSH: is palindromic
huh: is palindromic
i: is palindromic
y: is palindromic
-i-: is palindromic
yay: is palindromic
yaray: is palindromic
ICI: is palindromic
IDI: is palindromic
ihi: is palindromic
ii: is palindromic
YY: is palindromic
iii: is palindromic
imi: is palindromic
immi: is palindromic
yoy: is palindromic
IPI: is palindromic
ISI: is palindromic
ISSI: is palindromic
J: is palindromic
JJ: is palindromic
K: is palindromic
kaiak: is palindromic
kayak: is palindromic
kakkak: is palindromic
keek: is palindromic
kelek: is palindromic
kinnikinnik: is palindromic
KKK: is palindromic
kook: is palindromic
L: is palindromic
LAL: is palindromic
LBL: is palindromic
LCCL: is palindromic
LCL: is palindromic
LDL: is palindromic
lemel: is palindromic
level: is palindromic
LL: is palindromic
LPL: is palindromic
LTL: is palindromic
LWL: is palindromic
m: is palindromic
maam: is palindromic
ma'am: is palindromic
madam: is palindromic
malam: is palindromic
mallam: is palindromic
marram: is palindromic
mem: is palindromic
mesem: is palindromic
MFM: is palindromic
MGM: is palindromic
MIM: is palindromic
mym: is palindromic
minim: is palindromic
MM: is palindromic
MMM: is palindromic
mmmm: is palindromic
mom: is palindromic
MRSRM: is palindromic
MSM: is palindromic
MTM: is palindromic
mum: is palindromic
murdrum: is palindromic
MWM: is palindromic
n: is palindromic
neven: is palindromic
non: is palindromic
noon: is palindromic
NPN: is palindromic
NTN: is palindromic
o: is palindromic
-o-: is palindromic
OAO: is palindromic
OBO: is palindromic
OCO: is palindromic
OEO: is palindromic
OGO: is palindromic
oho: is palindromic
OO: is palindromic
o-o: is palindromic
oooo: is palindromic
OSO: is palindromic
ottetto: is palindromic
oxo: is palindromic
P: is palindromic
PAP: is palindromic
PDP: is palindromic
peep: is palindromic
peeweep: is palindromic
PEP: is palindromic
PIP: is palindromic
pip-pip: is palindromic
PLP: is palindromic
PNP: is palindromic
POP: is palindromic
PP: is palindromic
PPP: is palindromic
prp: is palindromic
PSP: is palindromic
PTP: is palindromic
pullup: is palindromic
PUP: is palindromic
PVP: is palindromic
Q: is palindromic
R: is palindromic
RADAR: is palindromic
RAR: is palindromic
redder: is palindromic
refer: is palindromic
reifier: is palindromic
repaper: is palindromic
retter: is palindromic
rever: is palindromic
reviver: is palindromic
RMR: is palindromic
RNR: is palindromic
rotator: is palindromic
rotor: is palindromic
RR: is palindromic
RSFSR: is palindromic
RSR: is palindromic
RTR: is palindromic
s: is palindromic
sagas: is palindromic
SAS: is palindromic
SBS: is palindromic
SCCS: is palindromic
SCS: is palindromic
SDS: is palindromic
sees: is palindromic
selles: is palindromic
sememes: is palindromic
semes: is palindromic
SES: is palindromic
sexes: is palindromic
shahs: is palindromic
siris: is palindromic
sis: is palindromic
SLS: is palindromic
SMS: is palindromic
solos: is palindromic
sooloos: is palindromic
SOS: is palindromic
SPS: is palindromic
SRS: is palindromic
SS: is palindromic
s's: is palindromic
SSS: is palindromic
SSTTSS: is palindromic
stats: is palindromic
STS: is palindromic
succus: is palindromic
SVS: is palindromic
SVVS: is palindromic
SWS: is palindromic
SXS: is palindromic
T: is palindromic
TAT: is palindromic
tat-tat: is palindromic
tat-tat-tat: is palindromic
TCT: is palindromic
tebbet: is palindromic
teet: is palindromic
tenet: is palindromic
terret: is palindromic
tet: is palindromic
TFT: is palindromic
tgt: is palindromic
tibbit: is palindromic
tipit: is palindromic
tirrit: is palindromic
tyt: is palindromic
tkt: is palindromic
TNT: is palindromic
toot: is palindromic
torot: is palindromic
tot: is palindromic
TPT: is palindromic
trt: is palindromic
TSST: is palindromic
TST: is palindromic
TT: is palindromic
tut-tut: is palindromic
TWT: is palindromic
txt: is palindromic
U: is palindromic
ululu: is palindromic
umu: is palindromic
UPU: is palindromic
usu: is palindromic
UU: is palindromic
V: is palindromic
VAV: is palindromic
VV: is palindromic
W: is palindromic
waw: is palindromic
waw-waw: is palindromic
WNW: is palindromic
WOW: is palindromic
wow-wow: is palindromic
WSW: is palindromic
WW: is palindromic
X: is palindromic
xix: is palindromic
xx: is palindromic
xxx: is palindromic
Z: is palindromic
ZZ: is palindromic
ZZZ: is palindromic
